how to make spicy buffalo chicken wings
hello welcome to videojug my name is CJ
and today I'll be making some spicy
chicken wings so let's get started you
will need the following ingredients to
serve to people there will be a complete
recap at the end step 1
marvelous marinade first I'm gonna make
a marinade for my chicken wings
essentially the marinade is gonna have
buttermilk and some spices and then the
buttermilk will kind of break down the
chicken and make it really tender when
it comes to Freitag the first thing I do
is I take the buttermilk and I pour it
in the bowl right here I have some chili
powder you can go ahead and pour that in
Cayenne there it is a lot of cayenne but
they're gonna be spicy
I put the Chi in the marinade also
because you're gonna have hot sauce the
enemy there'll be different sort of
dimensions of the hot sauce this will be
kind of a cooked heat and then only have
the heat from the tangy buffalo sauce
just a little stir here it should become
pink in a second yes I was right all
right now bring all the chicken wings
and I like to salt the chicken wings
right now instead of like putting a
whole bunch of salt in the marinade
because then I know how much I'm kind of
like salting they'll get some salting
after they come out of the fryer - but
move these bad boys around get them some
seasoning and then all I'm gonna do is
just pour the marinade right on top
there we go
this marinades also important because
it'll form like an adhesive for the
flower to stick to it later so kind of
massage this around in here this chicken
wings okay these are all done and I'm
gonna take them to the fridge step 2
flower power all right so I got my
chicken here out of the refrigerator
it's been marinating for a few hours in
the buttermilk so hopefully that will
make it nice and tender I'm gonna do
here now is just Drudge it in some flour
and then set over here we're gonna fry
it and go from there you can pull put a
whole bunch in here it's not that big a
deal our hands are gonna get dirty
regardless I'm getting a very dirty in a
second here the buttermilk mixture there
actually adds as kind of like an agent
to keep some of this flour on here
actually makes it kind of tacking
somebody's little clumps of it here and
there
that'll crisp up nicely and add to the
overall wing experience step 3
deep-fry now is this already here to go
into the oil the oil is about 300
degrees I'm using canola oil so I gets
the most healthy you could use beef fat
or other things that a lot more flavor
but in the pursuit of trying to be
somewhat healthy here with these chicken
wings we're going for this so here we go
check and see how they're doing still a
little tan let's get them back in there
a little more love to get nice and
golden brown as you can see doesn't take
very long there's not a lot of not a lot
of meat on these bad boys drumette done
it boom
lay it out on your kitchen towel here
27th bambam sitting probably more than
six at a time the other thing is like
when you do add things to all that are
cold it's gonna bring the temperature
oil down so it's gonna take a second be
able to get back to the speed step for
sauce and serve I've got all my wings
now fried up and I'm gonna put them in
this bowl here and I'm gonna add some
buffalo wing sauce I'm using red hot
right now I think it's the best let me
go drizzle some of this on here give a
little toss a toss okay now you just
serve it up ball ready to go maybe some
you know celery sticks in there and
there it is chicken wings
[Music]